legend has it one day a new king will
come
[Music]
who will use the power of the client to
put Atlantis back together one can
is the exact spot that volcko gave me my
first woman lesson no not even close you
have to forget all the teaching of the
surface world go deeper one covering
their Atlantean instincts
he spent his entire life tiny
planning to be the best
my parents made me what I am
I am the protector of the deep
[Music]
in this Trident resides the power of
Atlantis in the wrong hands it won't
bring destruction but in the hands of
the true heir
it would unite above and below
the time has come for Baptists to rise
again
must stop him daddy proposed me mm by
retrieving this early Elmo's not like
this one you don't the war is coming to
the surface whether you like it or not
my mother always knew you were special
you believe
you'd be the one to unite out to world
he's always had a key
now I need something more
well what could be greater than a king
[Music]
you